Actually sir... I get mine for free through T-Mobile but nice to know.. 🤪
T-Mobile how are you going to give me a killer deal on an iPhone 11 that you’re out of?! My hearts breaking over this backorder 😭😂🤦🏻‍♀️ Please help!!!
TB to T-Mobile days!! 🥺❤️
The reason why I'm having perfect service here,, is that I'm holding a #Samsung #Galaxy #S10+ with T-Mobile service.. ❤❤ #StayConnected ❤💪🏼💃🏻 #AreYouWithUs
We're gearing up for T-Mobile's New Year's at the Needle -- but until then, you can meet Santa from the sky 💙 #k5evening
Starting a new phone plan tomorrow. Sprint is the cheapest option but their network is questionable. The next cheapest option — for the iPhone 11 and an unlimited plan — is T-Mobile. Overall, the T-Mobile plan is $30-40 cheaper per month than AT&T and Verizon. So, have any of you had experience with T-Mobile? If so, are you able to give me some insight on their customer service, data coverage/speed and overall quality?
AT&T I can’t live these lies no more!   I’ve been talking to T-Mobile! She’s got that good good.... #17years #immovingon See more
Thank you to T-Mobile for the amazing generosity shown to our teens again this year!  This group granted ALL the items/wishes our teens put into our Christmas wish box. From shower curtains to telescopes...teens will feel loved when they open their presents tomorrow!  Thank you to Snoqualmie Valley Kiwanis for coordinating for the 2nd year in a row! #youareneeded #youareloved #youmatter #tmobile #snoqualmievalleykiwanis #trailyouthcoffeehome
More crappy service from T-mobile. Chatted with support about returning a device, they said I could take it in or use the label they were sending me to mail it. I tried to be nice and drop it off, but then at the store they say, "Since we sent you a label, you HAVE to send it in".  I call techsupport and they give me the same BS.  Thanks for wasting 20 minutes of my time so now I can go home and waste even more time printing a label, and packaging up my device and then tomorrow I get to make another trip out to mail it. Is there actually a mobile carrier out there that has real customer service?  So far I haven't found one.
@tmobile I just received the absolute worst customer service and have been asked to pay outrageous fraudulent charges.  After being a loyal customer for more than 12 years, I was treated terrible and I will be leaving for good.  Charging me $400 for an 8 year old piece of equipment that I never used or even asked for is just plain wrong. You’ve lost a customer for life, nor would I ever recommend you to anyone in the future.  I really hope someone sees this and tries to reach out to make it right.
TOMORROW! The #933KZOZ Takeover presented by T-Mobile with help from Firestone Walker Brewing Co. is back and you can find out all the details and how to enter the raffle in benefit for Woods Humane Society at KZOZ.com
T-Mobile You A Bitch My Nigga❗️
I wanna switch from Boost Mobile to T-Mobile because of the Tuesday disc😩
6am tomorrow is GO TIME! KZOZ Takeover presented by T-Mobile with help from Firestone Walker Brewing Co.! We're rockin' all day at Woods Humane Society who need forever homes! DO IT FOR THE FUR BABIES MAN!
Dinner for $7 tonight. Thank you T-Mobile. We went crazy and did stuffed crust. 🙌🏽Dinner for $7 tonight. Thank you T-Mobile. We went crazy and did stuffed crust. 🙌🏽
What is wrong with your website? You get what you pay for when you hire fake software engineers.
I recently switched to T-mobile on a prepaid monthly unlimited plan. I was told HotSpot was included and unlimited and that was the driver for my switch. Now I CANNOT use the hotspot as I cannot connect to the internet and I checked the speed is 0.1 mbps for  downloads... i think this is false advertising
Hey T-Mobile!  My son Patrick Massengilland his friend Eduardo Jimenez were just in one of your stores while it was being robbed.  The employees abandoned them and ran in the back to save themselves.  Is this what you teach your employees to do??  My kids could have been hurt!  You need to do a better job with this!  Unacceptable!!
First off 🤣🤣🤣 at everyone that was whining over the Starbucks GC its THREE DOLLARS. On to my real issue. Been a customer going on 15yrs. Never really had any issues. This most recent issue kinda has me bugged though.  On the 10th I started 2 new lines on my acct. Got an iPhone 11 for my wife's move from sprint and that went smoothly. However, the second line that was added we did the B1G1 on the S10 5G. When we ordered our ship out date for the phones was marked 12/10/19-12/1...2/19. With 2 day shipping. So should be expected to get them within a week. There was a payment issue(which was fixed while still at the store) once fixed and order was processed. Our ship out date for the S10's had been bumped to mid-January.  So........ WTF.  The S10 5G's were both supposed to be christmas gifts. So what the hell happened to bump the shipment back. It literally took ten minutes to correct the payment issue and that somehow bumped the new phones back by over a month? Not to mention a phone line that cant be used until the phone gets here. See more
T-Mobile always volunteers at our phone bank. Thank you, T-Mobile!!
Thanks T-Mobile🥤🥤
When Elf on the Shelf gets to the party...  T-Mobile #techexperience #party #funatwork
My family just switched from Verizon less than a month ago,  the discounts that we should be receiving on our new IPhone 11’s aren’t showing in the bill and the BS I was told was because the bill was generated before the promotion.  I find that hard to believe since the promotion is how we got the phones day 1.  Scam!  Then I was told they would match the discount from Verizon, to bring in my last bill for proof.  Just brought it in and they said because it wasn’t within 9 days they refused to match the discount.  That is a bunch of CRAP!  We were never told it had to be within so many days and I am so angry,  I will tell everyone I know to stay away from tMobile. Since they don’t follow through with what they publicize!!!  Ridiculous!!!!!!!!!
Bro T-Mobile, y’all gave my number to the world or something ? I get 10 calls a day from numbers i don’t know !
I'm really happy that LinusTech did this video about 5G phones. Too many people I have had to talk to about these wavelengths and cell reception and how "harmful" they claim them to be with absolutely no backed research to prove these claims. The wavelengths are too small to do damage and typically get absorbed very easily.  You also won't typically be using that wavelength for any cellphone call as it would be impeded and blocked if anyone is travelling, especially in a car....  It would just resort to your traditional radio frequencies. Furthermore, for data and downloads.  5G data streaming will only happen during active times of large downloads, or frequent online access while not on standby or not being used.  If you are using car play for example, the phone will likely just resort to typical LTE frequencies as your car will mostly block 5G waves. Thank you again Linus and T-Mobile See more
I know I am a drop in the bucket to you.I have never been so lied to in my life like the last 2 days. Plus no one wants to correct anything. I have been with t mobile 15 yrs. After all my equipment is paid off I am leaving. When that happens it will be 17 yrs. It is so easy doing nothing over the phone than in person. I will not recommend anyone.
Thanks Jessica from t mobile #55551 for your great customer service yesterday in correcting our issue professionally and promptly.  The reason we are a 14th year customer.
T-Mobile COUNT Your fucking days BITCH 🗣‼️
They screw you I had a xs max which was stolen but someone was able to make a claim thru apple care using the imei which took a claim away from me thru Assurant which they recommended me filing a lost/stolen so whoever had the phone couldn’t make no more claims guys named Donald from Tmobile was on the phone with Assurant and apple trying to tell them it fraud but Assurant said it counts against her claim even if its thru apple care and apple said we can’t remove the claim so... Tmobile said we will notate the account in case if any happens to your new phone we will be able to do a in-house claim which this all happened in oct fast forward to last week my daughter who is adhd and 9 yrs old lost my phone at the mall now I contact them they claim they cant pull up the calls from the exact date I talked to them and Donald never notated the account and they could simply speak with apple to verified the claim was fraud and Assurant will tell them they cant approve my claim because apple can’t remove it and they could simply do the right thing but is choosing not too and it’s a shame See more
Shout to our friends at T-Mobile for playing games with #sjkids yesterday. We had a lot of fun being silly with you! 🤪 . . . .... . . . #sjvolunteer #tmobile #tmobilecares #picnicsponsor #sponsor #volunteer #makeadifference See more
How tf y’all bitches got 5g and y’all mf 3g bullshit T-Mobile FIX MY SHIT
David Bockman and T-Mobile are offering 20% off your account with a 4th line free promotion! The 4th line free ends today and the 20% off expire after the 15th... go see him at the T-Mobile at the corner of Kansas Expwy and Kearny! Great deals on phones as well!!!
#TBT If you're planning a trip abroad, T-Mobile is the way to go! Free unlimited data... woohoooooo
A big shout out to t-mobil for their always amazing customer service. Today Sheila went above and beyond when i called because I was having a issue making a international call. Shelia tried over the span of a few hours to reach them and even sent them emails and searched other ways to reach them all because I told her that I had purchased something from them that was the only thing my son had really wanted for Christmas and I don’t think they have sent my order from Germany! She just went the extra mile! Thank you t-mobil!
We rallied outside the courthouse in NYC on day one of the lawsuit to block the T-Mobile - Sprint megamerger. We need to protect workers and consumers in this merger! Want to protect your job at TM? Message us privately to learn more.
At last month’s Heroes of Telecom Sitetracker event in Las Vegas, the ZenFi Networks team was there in all their glory on the red carpet at the T-Mobile arena. Congratulations to our all-star finalists in the Project Manager of the Year category, April Magliaro and Cristina Iacona.  #HeroesofTelecom #Sitetracker #telecom #infrastructure
You guys are literally the worst.
Brand new to T-Mobile and just wanted to say I’m happy with the service however lying about paying off another competitors lease is mis leading and wrong.  FYI you get T-Mobile account credit they don’t help you pay your phone so BE CAREFUL!!
Can you sue t mobile for fraud scam ???  they promised me $ 300 now they say to apply a promotion that was activated the next day ???  how is it possible I bought my phone and that promotion was not active the day I bought it!!!!
Why does your app always log me out.  Every other app I say to keep me logged in or remember my password does but yours. It's super annoying.Why does your app always log me out.  Every other app I say to keep me logged in or remember my password does but yours. It's super annoying.
No good offers to existing customers
T-Mobile don’t give any offers to existing customers like buy one get one free phones ... Only great offers are give to attract new customers. What about the existing loyal customers?
We're bringing these bad boys back out in nine days for our second T-Mobile Kachina Saturday.  Will you be there? 🤔
Last weeks Fire & Ice event was lit 🔥 but we couldn't have done it without our sponsors! We would like to thank Montgomery County Department of Environmental Protection, Gaithersburg Art of Problem Solving Academy, T-Mobile, Elaine Koch with Long & Foster - Christie's, Castle Laser Tag- Gaithersburg, Kona Ice of Central Gaithersburg/Germantown, & Children’s National Hospital. We would also like to give a shout-out to those who participated at the event. Paladar Gaithersburg (who provided the DELICIOUS hot chocolate), Ice Lab (for the BEAUTIFUL ice sculptures), Big Biz Entertainment (for the very TALENTED stilt walker), and Hair Cuttery and LA Fitness for their continued support at our events.
T-Mobile, OnePlus just released another update for the 7 Pro with Googles November security fix. Why can't you seem to get us past the September update?? Seems since you've removed the phone from your inventory you've also removed updates to an 8 month old phone. A way to get people to upgrade??
Grand Rising from me & the networks of... Cortez Epps, JSD International LLC, Jody Styles Detroit, JSD Raw Money, JSD Security PLUS, JSD Real Estate, Trā Vi, T-Mobile & MORE. All can be found on my mobile app explore & enjoy
Galaxy note 9
I think it's time for TMobile to try something different in phone sales, the prices are getting too high, can't afford 2 years of monthly payments anymore, leasing a nice new IPhone for 10 a month sounds good to me!
